Congratulations on finishing the course.
So after going through all the videos
and coding the project and the challenges,
I hope that right now you are super confident
to write code completely on your own
and that you're ready to also continue
your learning journey.
Because a course like the one that you just finished,
well, can only take you so far.
It can give you an amazing foundation
and a lot of knowledge,
but in the end, you really need to practice on your own.
Build your own apps,
improve your website,
come up with new projects to code
and improve yourself every single day.
Never stop learning.
And that is especially true in Javascript
and front-end web development,
because things change very fast.
And so this is a field where you have to be
always learning and always be on top
of everything that's happening in the industry.
And I really know how hard that can be.
And so in order to help you keep updated,
I actually started a monthly newsletter last year.
And my subscribers really appreciated that,
because it's been super helpful for them ever since.
So if you want to check it out,
you can just subscribe to the newsletter
over at jonas.io.
Now once you feel confident enough with
your new skills,
you can also start learning popular libraries
or frameworks,
like jQuery, React, Angular, or Node.js
and all of these technologies will enable
you to build even cooler apps.
And at the same time make you even more qualified
to apply to real jobs in the industry.
So if you really spend some more time learning
and getting better and better at Javascript,
and maybe some other technologies,
then I'm 100% confident that
you can start working in a field if that's your goal.
I've seen students from this course and my other courses
getting real jobs and starting real careers,
and so I'm absolutely sure that you can achieve
the exact same thing.
So to finish, it was really nice
having you in this course and
taking this really amazing journey with you.
And now I wish you good luck with your new skills,
take care and see you next time.
(electronic music)